c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\ContextMenuWithBinding.dll
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\ContextMenuWithBinding.pdb
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\ContextMenuWithBinding.xap
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\obj\Debug\ContextMenuWithBinding.g.resources
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\obj\Debug\ContextMenuWithBinding.dll
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\obj\Debug\ContextMenuWithBinding.pdb
c:\users\jimmy\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Jimmy\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.dll
C:\Users\Jimmy\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.dll
C:\Users\Jimmy\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Jimmy\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.pdb
C:\Users\Jimmy\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP71.xml
C:\Users\Jimmy\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.pdb
C:\Users\Jimmy\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WP71.xml
C:\Users\Jimmy\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ContextMenuWithBinding\ContextMenuWithBinding\Bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
